
标题

摘要：背景（关键词出现在句首）+方法（however）+结果（achieve）。

引言
- 背景 Language model pre-training has been shown to be effective for improving many natural language processing tasks. 关键词作为句首。然后展开任务。  
- 已有方法 There are two existing strategies for applying pre-trained language representations to downstream tasks: feature-based and fine-tuning.  
- 问题 We argue that current techniques **restrict** the power of the pre-trained representations, especially for the fine-tuning approaches.  
	- However
- 本文改进 In this paper, we improve the fine-tuning based approaches by proposing BERT:  
- 本文贡献 The contributions of our paper are as follows:  
  
  
每段话句首是总述句，后面围绕展开。

方法  
- 定义（可选）
- 步骤  There are two steps in our framework: pre-training and fine-tuning.  
- 使用 We use WordPiece embeddings (Wu et al., 2016) with a 30,000 token vocabulary.  
- 流程图 This step is presented in the left part of Figure 1.  
  
  
实验  
- 参数 We use a batch size of 32 and fine-tune for 3 epochs over the data for all GLUE tasks.  
- 设备  
  
结果
- 图表 Results are presented in Table 1.  Results are shown in Table 6.
- Both BERTBASE and BERTLARGE **outperform** all systems on all tasks by a substantial margin, **obtaining** 4.5% and 7.0% respective average accuracy improvement over the prior state of the art. 得分多少，超过多少。  
- 得分 Our model achieves 28.4 BLEU on the WMT 2014 Englishto-German translation task,  
- 超过 Our best performing system outperforms the top leaderboard system by +1.5 F1 in ensembling and +1.3 F1 as a single system.

结论，

- 本文方法  “In this work, we presented the Transformer, the first sequence transduction model based entirely on attention, replacing the recurrent layers most commonly used in encoder-decoder architectures with multi-headed self-attention.”
- 结果（可选） “On both WMT 2014 English-to-German and WMT 2014 English-to-French translation tasks, we achieve a new state of the art. In the former task our best model outperforms even all previously reported ensembles.” 
- 未来展望（可选） “We are excited about the future of attention-based models and plan to apply them to other tasks.”

按照功能  
- 比较 Unlike Peters et al. (2018a) and Radford et al. (2018),
- are based on 基于，use， by doing，
- include 包括， consist of，
- show
- 

可以把两个句子合并为一个句子，比如利用非谓语动词或者从句。

这里摘录一些有代表性的句子。
阅读的时候通常先看结果，示例或者指标。

参考资料：
- bert
- transfomer
- phrasebank

创新点
- A + B 型



## 附录


## 学术词汇和固定表达

动词
- 使用 use, are based on, by ,, apply it to” ,rely on, by doing, “employ” ，“without”，by doing，Using, “require”
- 有 have, there are,  “include”“involve” ，“contain” ，“consist of”， be “composed of”,
- 提出 “propose”,“introduce” ，“present” ,
- 显示 “show”，“demonstrate” ，
- 结果 “achieves 28.4 BLEU , “establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8”, “reach a new state of the art”，“obtains new state-of-the-art results” ,  “improves” “enables …to”, allow … to ，“improve”
- 导致 results in,
- 改变  “add” ， “inject” ，“improve” ，，，，，，，，
- 发现 “We can see that” ，find, observe,
- 认为 we believe that，
- 指的是 “refers to” ，“denote input embedding as E” ，“represent” ，
- 比较 “be different from” ，“outperforms other detection methods,”  , “are faster than”, “is smaller than”,
形容词
- 形容词 first, recent,“existing”  ，“next” , “following”，“original”, “final” ，“given” ， “corresponding” ，“prior” ， previous， “current” ，“relevant” ， “another”, arbitrary,  “different”, new,
- 数量 “a variety of” “a number of” ，“several” ，“enormous” ，
副词
- 程度 “approximately” ，“significantly”
名词
- 问题 “limitations” “lack”，limit，restrict，“challenge” ，
- 方法 “approach”，


连接词

- 此外 “Additionally,”  as well as, also, Furthermore,
- 但是 “However,”  
- 结果 “As a result, Therefore,”
- 因为 “because”, “due to” ，
- 比较 “In contrast to”， “Unlike” ，“Compared to” ， “By contrast,”, “Similar to”, “Similarly,”
- 举例 for example, such as,  “including” “In particular,” “involving”,
- 强调 “It is critical to”
- 首先 “First,”Second, “Finally,”
- 目的，为了 “in order to”, to do,
- 结果  “so that”
- 位置 “In this section,” “In Table 5,” ，“in the appendix.”
- 没有，不是 “rather than” ，without，
- “In terms of” ，

功能

- 图表 “As shown in Figure 1,” , “Results are presented in Table 1.”，“This step is presented in the left part of Figure 1.” ，“is shown in Fig 3.”
- 引用  “More details can be found in Appendix A5.” ，
- 数字：“We use a batch size of 32 and fine-tune for 3 epochs”